we are live streaming from the most lit
hotel room in beijing but which i mean
it's really brightly lit
uh nobody ever asked me this question
there is no extra extra large yeah you
can tell relative besides this square
that as a dress
that's true
pursue a sense of
blank
[Music]
small medium small medium large extra
large and that's it
she accepts me with all these ludicrous
contradictions
[Music]
even on my size i'm actually wearing a
medium because i like it clingy
video starts with uh starts with a kiss
for a change i guess the moral of the
story is that you never would have
found me or met me or fall in love with
me if it wasn't
[Music]
so yeah long story short my experience
with joe best is
[Music]
that's a wrap